# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaigns
## In this project we are helping Louise to find out how the different theatre/play campaigns compared from their launch dates, to the end of each funding goals.
### The purpose of this challenge is to be able to show the knowledge learned throughout the lesson and applying it into real life data.

## Analysis and Challenges
We are given two problems that we must help Louise find out; Outcomes Based on Launch and Outcomes Based on Goals, and these are to be formatted in charts. In order to get a chart, we have to use the data given from the Kickstarter. For the first project we will be working with a pivot table to get the most accurate outcoms from the theatres. 
To start the project off, we look for the Outcomes Based on Launch. A pivot table is created to gather the information we need to pin point what theatre was a success, failure, or even cancelled. When creating a pivot table, there are 4 categories in which your fields from the Kickstarter can go in to; Filter, Columns, Rows, and Values. By putting the correct fields into those categories, the pivot table will begin to create itself allowing you to then make a line chart. The line chart is created to show the difference of each theatre in a more organized fashion.

Outcomes Based on Goals was the next project that was needed to be done in order for Louise to finish her results. A new spread sheet is needed to start off. We use Goal as a column to show the dollar-range which goes from 0-50000+. For this project, we used the =COUNTIFS function to get the outcome for successful, failed, and canceled plays in the subcategory from the Kickstarter. After getting those outcomes, we use the =SUM function to determine the total projects. We then divide each column by the total projects to get a percentage for Success, Failed, and Cancelled. The line chart will demonstrate the percentage of each column to their goal.
### Challenges and Difficulties
The lesson plan was very self explantory, but there's a lot of information which makes things easy to forget. When I started on the "Outcomes Based on Launch" portion, everything was there for me to put together because of the previous lessons. The hard part was finding out how to sort which field went into what category of the pivot table. By the end of it, I managed to sort it out to a reasonable table that I think fits best. Functions are more difficult to work with because there are so many to remember. When doing the "Outcomes Based on Goals," I struggled filter the correct goals and input the correct coding for =COUNTIFS, but was able to figure out solutions by going over my sheet thoroughly. I then messed up my percentages by dividing success by failure and vice versa, when I should have been dividing by the Total Projects. The line chart was and still is a difficult part of the project for me as I wasn't able to include the values on the y and x axis.
## Results
According to the data for the launch dates, about 60% of the theatres are successful. There were no goals that were cancelled during the time of the campaign. In conclusion, more of the theatres/plays have reached their end goal than there have been failures.
